# JSHELL
==========
 

JSHELL is a  programming language  invented  in   JWEB(JDOLLAR) for  Linux  platform invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2017.


Note:  Here only VS-oS  ,MAC-oS,Linux  type  os  are  focused.




ABOUT  JSHELL  and  It's  framework
====================================


JSHELL has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF.

and it has latest frameworks like

JC , Jeb, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,

WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

Hence we call JSHELL as an Interactive P.L.



THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to JSHELL or interact with JSHELL

with Merits

JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

JEEWeb -> used for enterprise


JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of JSHELL to eliminate JSHELL demerits.

Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with JSHELL.

Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA,  JSHELL professionals

VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

WHTML -> Used with JSHELL and HTML

VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with JSHELL.

UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on JSHELL used in American and U.k sector.

BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in JSHELL.
